0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    Is the longest word in the english language. 45 letters long.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    Return the measurement of the resource usages.
    """
    NAME
       getrusage - get resource usage
    SYNOPSIS
       #include <sys/time.h>
       #include <sys/resource.h>
       int getrusage(int who, struct rusage *usage);
    DESCRIPTION
       getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who, which can be one of the following:
       RUSAGE_SELF
              Return resource usage statistics for the calling process,
              which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.
    """

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
even though we’re not changing their contents?
    I have no idea, maybe because it is a good practice?

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words,
convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    - Read the text you want to spell-check as <text>. Read that text char by char, start by the first char
      and stop when the "EOF" char is reached.
    - Then there are three scenearios:
      1. When the char is actually a "letter" or a "quote" and that quote is not the beginning
         of the string (index > 0).
         - Under this scenario every char counts as part of the word. If the length of the word exceeds
           the LENGTH then is dismissed and the process (for-loop) start again.
      2. When the string contain numeric value, then the whole string is ignored and start the process again
         for the next word.
      3. When the char is not numeric, alpha nor quote and the index > 0. then the end of a word
         has been found. Terminate current word, update counter of words, check misspelling (and update if necessary)
         and prepare for the next word.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with
a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    With fgetc is able to read char by char and keep track of the position of the last char checked,
    on the other hand, scanf is not. Moreover getting the whole string just mean more work since in the end still
    necessary to check every char to find if a word is misspelled or not.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    Maybe when you take the adress of a pointer as an argument of a function you can modify it.
    But, if you define argument as constant the you can check it but not modify it.


Extra:

- What #undef mean?
- What calculate() is and do?
- What getrusage() is and do?
    - What RUSAGE_SELF mean?